Bertha Belch, a missionary from Africa will be speaking tonight at Calvary 
Memorial Church in Racine. Come tonight and hear Bertha Belch all the way 
from Africa.



Announcement in the church bulletin for a National PRAYER & FASTING 
Conference: "The cost for attending the Fasting and Prayer Conference 
includes meals".


Our youth basketball team is back in action Wednesday at 8 PM in the 
recreation hall. Come out and watch us kill Christ the King.


Ladies, don't forget the rummage sale. It's a chance to get rid of those
 things not worth keeping around the house. Don't forget your husbands.



The peacemaking meeting scheduled for today has been canceled due to a 
conflict.



The sermon this morning: "Jesus Walks on the Water".  The sermon tonight:
"Searching for Jesus"



Barbara remains in the hospital and needs blood donors for more
 transfusions. She is also having trouble sleeping and requests tapes of 
Pastor Jack's sermons.



Remember in prayer the many who are sick of our community.  

Smile at someone
who is hard to love. Say "hell" to someone who doesn't care much about you.



Don't let worry kill you off - let the Church help.



A bean supper will be held on Tuesday evening in the church hall. Music will follow.



At the evening service tonight, the sermon topic will be "What is Hell?" 
Come early and listen to our choir practice.



Potluck supper Sunday at 5:00 PM. - prayer and medication to follow.



The ladies of the Church have cast off clothing of every kind. They may be
 seen in the basement on Friday afternoon.



This evening at 7 P.M. there will be a hymn sing in the park across from the 
Church.  Bring a blanket and come prepared to sin.



Low Self Esteem Support Group will meet Thursday at 7 PM.  Please use the 
back door.



The eighth-graders will be presenting Shakespeare's Hamlet in the Church 
basement Friday at 7 PM. The Congregation is invited to attend this tragedy.


Weight Watchers will meet at 7 PM at the First Presbyterian Church. Please 
use large double door at the side entrance.



The Associate Minister unveiled the church's new tithing campaign slogan 
last Sunday: "I Upped My Pledge - Up Yours."



Our next song is "Angels We Have Heard Get High."  

The senior choir invites 
any member of the congregation who enjoys sinning to join the choir.



Scouts are saving aluminum cans, bottles, and other items to be recycled.  
Proceeds will be used to cripple children.



For those of you who have children and don't know it, we have a nursery
 downstairs.
