Have dinner ready, Plan ahead, even the night before, to have a delicious
meal ready on the table for his return, this is a way of letting him know
that you have been thinking about him and are concerned about his needs.
Most men are hungry when they come home and the prospect of a good meal
(especially his favorite dish) is part of the warm welcome needed.

 "Prepare yourself " take 15 minuets to rest so you'll be refreshed when he
arrives, touch up your make-up put a ribbon in your hair and be
fresh-looking. He's just been with a lot of work weary people, be a little
gay and a little more interesting for him his boring day may need a lift and
one of your duties is to provide it.  Clear away the clutter make one last
trip through the main part of the house just before your husband arrives,
gather up school books, toys, papers etc, and then run a dustcloth over the
tables.

Over the cooler months of the year you should prepare and light a fire for
him to unwind by, your husband will feel he has reached a haven of rest and
order, and it will give you a lift too. After all the catering for his
comfort, it will provide you with immense personal satisfaction. Prepare the
children, take a few minuets to wash the children's hands and faces (if they
are small) comb their hair if necessary, change their clothes, they are
little treasures and he likes to see them playing the part. Minimize the
noise at the time of his arrival eliminate all noise of the washer, dryer,
and vacum. Try to encourage the children to be quiet.

Be happy to see him, greet him with a warm smile and show sincerity in your
desire to please him.  Listen to him You may have a dozen important things
to tell him, but the moment of his arrival is not the time, let him talk
first - remember his topics of conversation are more important than yours.

Make the evening his, Never complain if he comes home late or goes out to
dinner or other places of entertainment without you, instead try to
understand his world of strain and pressure, and his very real need to be at
home and relax.  Your goal: try to make sure your home is a place of peace,
order, and tranquility where your husband can renew himself in body and
spirit.


 Do not greet him with complaints and problems.  Don't complain if he's late
home for dinner, or even if he stay's out all night, count this as minor
compared to what he might have gone through all day, make him comfortable
have him lean back in a comfortable chair, or have him lie down in the
bedroom, have a cool or warm drink ready for him, "arrange his pillow for
him and offer to take his shoes off for him.  Speak in a low soothing and
pleasant voice, don't ask him questions about his judgment or integrity, and
remember he is the master of the house and as such will always exercise his
will with fairness and truthfulness. You have no right to question him.
REMEMBER A GOOD WIFE ALWAYS KNOWS HER PLACE.
